FEF-1877  ca-python-standards improvements (#63)
cultureamp/devbox-extras: plugins/ca-python-standard/README.md

# CA Python Devbox Plugin

* Installs [`poetry`](https://python-poetry.org) to manage package installation
* Installs `poetry-codeartifact-auth` as a poetry plugin
* Uses a pre-configured AWS role for authentication
* Installs [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com) hooks, if the `pre-commit` package is present in `pyproject.toml` (or `pre-commit` is installed externally). 

> ## Usage

Reviewer: `devbox run setup` in the delivery-eng-experiments testing folder (009-2) requires me to run it twice as the first okta sign in seems to disrupt the granted/aws flow. It might be worth including this in the readme.

Reviewer 2: I've had this problem because of `poetry lock` but not Okta related yet. I think it is definitely worth including both outcomes in the readme, since users may have to run it for the first time twice, since the plugin adds a source to `pyproject.toml`, and at the same time the Okta flow results in the same outcome. Simple fix for both, love it! Will update soon :)

# CA Python Devbox Plugin

* Installs [`poetry`](https://python-poetry.org) to manage package installation
* Installs `poetry-codeartifact-auth` as a poetry plugin
* Uses a pre-configured AWS role for authentication
* Installs [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com) hooks, if the `pre-commit` package is present in `pyproject.toml` (or `pre-commit` is installed externally). 

## Usage

This plugin is designed to work for common cases with minimal extra configuration needed.

> * Because the plugin assumes use of CodeArtifact, it will add `ca-codeartifact-default` as a package source to `pyproject.toml`. This means you may need to run `poetry lock` after the first `devbox run setup` cycle, and then run setup again.
> * Sometimes the Okta authentication flow interrupts AWS authentication. In this case running the command twice should solve the issue.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Because the plugin assumes use of CodeArtifact, it will add `ca-codeartifact-default` as a package source to `pyproject.toml`. This means you may need to run `poetry lock` after the first `devbox run setup` cycle, and then run setup again.
* Sometimes the Okta authentication flow interrupts AWS authentication. In this case running the "python-install" step again should open a browser window to the expected AWS confirmation page.

```
